docs: update webhook related instructions (#769)
devopness/devopness: docs/webhooks/create-incoming-webhook.md

## Step 1: Get the data needed for creating a webhook

> 1. Copy the `Deploy Pipeline ID` (`<pipeline_id>`) from the application which you want to run pipelines programatically

Author: ```suggestion
1. Take note of the ID (`<pipeline_id>`) of a pipeline that runs the `deploy` operation for the application which you want to run pipelines programatically
```

## Step 3: Ensure the webhook was created correctly

> 1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, run command to list all the application hooks, replacing `<pipeline_id>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your local machine, in a terminal window, run command to list all the pipeline webhooks, replacing `<pipeline_id>`.
```
